lady
This is no one's wedding
How should it be held?
Let's get started
The bride is invited to enter
Invite the bride and groom to the venue
Yueying
Know that I've been waiting for this day
How long have you been waiting?
Little cute
I don’t want anything to happen to your mother
Just be obedient to me
Did you hear that?
mom
Fan Yueying
It's us today
big day
You can't even smile
I know
Where is our Yueying?
maybe because
My mother-in-law didn’t come
so unhappy
so what
I invited people here
What did you say
mom
smile
Is your mother watching?
You bunch of beasts
Why don't you hurry up and get married?
Pay homage to heaven and earth
Second worship at the high hall
couple
Husband and wife greeting each other
I'm afraid I won't be able to worship you
Zhao Jun
put your dirty hands
Get away from Yueying
Why
my own wife
How do I want to be a bitch?
Just be as cheap as you want
court death
Junjun
Sorry I'm late
you shouldn't have come
Leave me alone and leave quickly
rest assured
Since I'm here today
will definitely take you
Take safety belt out
Lin Yang, you idiot
Don't you know it's dangerous?
Junjun is okay
Mom is here
This pair of dogs
They can't survive
Someone coming